Update README.md - add ref to nf-core/rnaseq and Affymetrix (#149)
nf-core/differentialabundance: README.md

## Introduction

> **nf-core/differentialabundance** is an advanced bioinformatics pipeline that can be used to analyse data represented as matrices, comparing groups of observations to generate differential statistics and downstream analyses. The pipeline already supports RNA-seq data, as demonstrated in the nf-core [rnaseq workflow](https://github.com/nf-core/rnaseq), and Affymetrix/ThermoFisher .CEL files. However, our team is actively working on expanding its capabilities to encompass a broader range of platforms and maintain an effective tool to explore gene expression with ease and accuracy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**nf-core/differentialabundance** is a bioinformatics pipeline that can be used to analyse data represented as matrices, comparing groups of observations to generate differential statistics and downstream analyses. The pipeline supports RNA-seq data such as that generated by the nf-core [rnaseq workflow](https://github.com/nf-core/rnaseq), and Affymetrix arrays via .CEL files. Other types of matrix may also work with appropriate changes to parameters, and PRs to support additional specific modalities are welcomed. 
```
